Add missing functionalities and documentation (#8)
asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-node-sdk: README.md

Asgardeo Auth NodeJS SDK provides the core methods that are needed to implement OIDC authentication in JavaScript/TypeScript based server side apps. This SDK can be used to build RESTful APIs with Javascript/Typescript based frameworks such as ExpressJS.

## Prerequisites

Create an organization in Asgardeo if you don't already have one. The organization name you choose will be referred to as `<org_name>` throughout this documentation.

> If you are using [Asgardeo Cloud](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/) as the identity server, create a **Single-Page Application** in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using [Asgardeo Cloud](https://wso2.com/asgardeo/) as the identity server, create a **Standard-Based Application** in the console.
```

###### **This getting started guide is an example of [Express JS](https://expressjs.com/) implementation. Other Node.js frameworks may differ from this implementation**

```javascript
// Import the packages needed to create an Express app
const express = require("express");
const cookieParser = require("cookie-parser");
const { v4: uuidv4 } = require("uuid");

// Import the Asgardeo Node SDK
// The SDK provides a client that can be used to carry out the authentication.
const { AsgardeoAuth } = require('@asgardeo/auth-nodejs-sdk');

// Create a config object containing the necessary configurations.
const config = {
    clientID: "<your_client_id>",
    clientSecret: "<your_client_secret>",
    serverOrigin: "https://api.asgardeo.io/t/<org_name>",
    signInRedirectURL: "http://localhost:3000/auth/login",
    signOutRedirectURL: "http://localhost:3000",
    scope: ["openid", "profile"]
};

// Create an express app  and setup
const PORT = 3000;
const app = express();
app.use(cookieParser());

// Instantiate the AsgardeoAuthClient and pass the config object as an argument into the constructor.
const authClient = new AsgardeoAuth(config);

// Implement a login route.

> // For this example, we will define the login route as '/auth/login'. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// For this example, we will define the login route as '/auth/sign-in'. 
```

// You can change this to match your use case.

> app.get("/auth/login", (req, res) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
app.get("/auth/sign-in", (req, res) => {
```

## Getting Started

> ###### **This getting started guide is an example of [Express JS](https://expressjs.com/) implementation. Other Node Platforms may differ from this implementation**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### **This getting started guide is an example of [Express JS](https://expressjs.com/) implementation. Other Node.js frameworks may differ from this implementation**
```

```javascript
// Import the packages needed to create an Express app
const express = require("express");
const cookieParser = require("cookie-parser");
const { v4: uuidv4 } = require("uuid");

// Import the Asgardeo Node SDK
// The SDK provides a client that can be used to carry out the authentication.
const { AsgardeoAuth } = require('@asgardeo/auth-nodejs-sdk');

// Create a config object containing the necessary configurations.
const config = {
    clientID: "<your_client_id>",
    clientSecret: "<your_client_secret>",
    serverOrigin: "https://api.asgardeo.io/t/<org_name>",
    signInRedirectURL: "http://localhost:3000/auth/login",
    signOutRedirectURL: "http://localhost:3000",
    scope: ["openid", "profile"]
};

// Create an express app  and setup
const PORT = 3000;
const app = express();
app.use(cookieParser());

> app.set("view engine", "ejs");

Reviewer: We don't need to show the ejs templating part, right?

Author: > Yes but since the login route has a redirection to the `/` route, should we include that route as well? I added this because I wanted to clarify on the same and extend the getting started guide with `/` endpoint.

 Same

app.use("/", express.static("static"));

// Instantiate the AsgardeoAuthClient and pass the config object as an argument into the constructor.
const authClient = new AsgardeoAuth(config);

// Define the data template needed for the view engine
const dataTemplate = {
    isConfigPresent: Boolean(config && config.clientID && config.clientSecret),
    isAuthenticated: false,
    idToken: null,
    error: false,
    authenticateResponse: null

> }

Reviewer: We don't need this example here, right?

Author: Yes but since the login route has a redirection to the `/` route, should we include that route as well? I added this because I wanted to clarify on the same and extend the getting started guide with `/` endpoint.
